# Preliminary meeting
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 13/02/2023, 13:30  
**Meeting Purpose:** Allocate roles  
**Meeting Location:** Edward Boyle Library  
**Note Taker:** Hamzah Saddiq  

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Hamzah Saddiq
- Abdullah Zaman
- Dillan Kerai
- Morhaf Alshibly
- Ashir Khan
- Ahsan Tariq

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Roles |• Allocate roles for each member
Github |• Figure out how to configure the github repo

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
Belbin roles | all members  |• discussed which members fit which roles |
Github | all members  |• decided that when working with the github <br> branch will develop a branching strategy <br>• will issue labels + milestones |
Project choice | all members |• decided to go with project 1|


## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
|Yes|• Formalise groups strengths <br>• Formalise group weaknesses| all members | 18/02/2023 |
|Yes|• Github practices document|Morhaf|18/02/2023|
|Yes|• Create issue + merge request template| Abdullah | 18/02/2023
|Yes|• Justify project choice| Ahsan | 18/02/2023
|Yes|• Confugure git ssh| all members | 18/02/2023

## Other Notes & Information
The next meeting will be at the start of sprint 1, to start that.


# Sprint 1 Plan meeting

## Meeting Information:
**Meeting Date/Time:** 18/02/2023, 20:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** Allocate roles  
**Meeting Location:** Online  
**Note Taker:** Hamzah Saddiq 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Hamzah Saddiq
- Abdullah Zaman
- Dillan Kerai
- Morhaf Alshibly
- Ashir Khan
- Ahsan Tariq

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Wiki |• Organise wiki
Roles |• Finalise Belbin roles
Admin |• General sprint 1 admin work

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
Team | All members | discussed team strengths and weaknesses, and individual strengths and weaknesses |
Risk | All members | discussed sprint 1 risk mitigation
Workflow | All members | discussed future workflow plans
Guidelines | All members | discussed project guidlines, including branching/isssue strategy

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
|Yes|• Start github wiki <br>• Document team strengths + weaknesses to wiki| Abdullah | 18/02/2023 |
|Yes|• Create project guidelines wiki <br>• Add group roles to wiki| Morhaf | 18/02/2023 |
|Yes|• Set milestones <br>• Add descriptions to labels| Ashir | 18/02/2023 |
|Yes|• Created labels for issues <br>•Migrate issues to project| Dillan | 18/02/2023 |
|Yes|• Add meeting 1 minute<br>• Organise wiki| Hamzah | 18/02/2023 |
|Yes|• Create wiki page for project choice justification <br>• Add risk mitigation to wiki| Ahsan | 18/02/2023 |
|Yes|• Document Sprint 1 outcomes | Ashir | 24/02/2023 |
|No|• Create initial designs| All members | 24/02/2023 |
|Yes|• Create UML documentation| Dillan | 24/02/2023 |
|Yes|• Delegate tasks | Morhaf | 24/02/2023 |
|No|• Choose and document reasoning for programming languages to be used | Ahsan | 24/02/2023 |
|Yes|• Choose technical + solution architects| Abdullah | 24/02/2023 |
|No|• Make UI| All members | 24/02/2023 |


## Other Notes & Information
The next meeting will be at the start of sprint 1, to start that.


# Status Meeting 1
## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 20/02/2023, 12:00

**Meeting Purpose:** Sprint 1 plan meeting 

**Meeting Location:** William Bragg Building

**Note Taker:** Morhaf Alshibly 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Hamzah Saddiq
- Abdullah Zaman
- Dillan Kerai
- Morhaf Alshibly
- Ashir Khan
- Ahsan Tariq

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Requirement spec | Write a requirements spec
Initial design | Draw initial UML, and UI designs

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
Folder structure | Dillan | Created folder structure and SQLite DB
Draw UML diagrams | Abdullah | Use case diagram and Component diagram
Wireframe website | Morhaf | Make wireframes for the website
Requirements specification | Ahsan | Write requirements in a specification

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
 No | Front-end dev | Morhaf, Abdullah | 05/03/2023
 No | Database setup | Dillan | 22/02/2023
 No | Flask backend | Morhaf, Abdullah, and Dillan | 05/03/2023
 No | UML design documentation | Hamzah | 23/02/2023
 No | Requirements specification | Ashir | 23/02/2023
 No | Use cases and Sprint 1 outcomes | Ahsan | 23/02/2023
 No | Formalize Sprint 1 plan | All members | 28/02/2023


## Other Notes & Information
Developers can interchange tasks for better productivity.

Lead developers will be Dillan and Morhaf, managing code reviews.

# Status Meeting 2
## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 23/02/2023, 11:30

**Meeting Purpose:** Discuss database structure 

**Meeting Location:** Edward Boyle Library

**Note Taker:** Dillan Kerai

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Hamzah Saddiq
- Abdullah Zaman
- Dillan Kerai
- Morhaf Alshibly
- Ashir Khan
- Ahsan Tariq

## Agenda Items

Item | Description |
---- | ----
Relationships | Create entities and formulate relationships | 

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
ERD | Abdullah, Ashir, Ahsan | Came up with Entity Relationship Diagram for DB structure |
Sprint 1 outcomes | All members | Discussed what sprint 1 outcomes should be |

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
No | Formalise outcomes | Ahsan | 03/03/2023 |
No | Backlog task 1 |  | 03/03/2023 |
No | Backlog task 2 |  | 03/03/2023 |
No | Backlog task 3 |  | 03/03/2023 |
No | Backlog task 4 |  | 03/03/2023 |
No | Backlog task 5 |  | 03/03/2023 |
No | Backlog task 7 |  | 03/03/2023 |
No | Backlog task 10 |  | 03/03/2023 |
No | Create test suite |  | 03/03/2023 |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A

# Status Meeting 3
## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 27/02/2023, 13:30

**Meeting Purpose:** Design user login system

**Meeting Location:** Brotherton library

**Note Taker:** Ahsan Tariq

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Hamzah Saddiq
- Abdullah Zaman
- Dillan Kerai
- Morhaf Alshibly
- Ashir Khan
- Ahsan Tariq

## Agenda Items

Item | Description |
---- | ----
User login system | design user login system |
Flask forms | make flask forms |
UI mockup | create a UI mockup |
DB fields | decide on database fields |

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
pricing | Ahsan | deciding on pricing |
tests | Abdullah, Ashir, Morhaf | discussed testing methods |

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
Yes | UI | Hamzah | 27/02/2023 |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A

# Status Meeting 4
## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 02/03/2023, 13:30

**Meeting Purpose:** Final meeting before end of sprint review

**Meeting Location:** Health Science Library

**Note Taker:** Abdullah Zaman

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Hamzah Saddiq
- Abdullah Zaman
- Dillan Kerai
- Morhaf Alshibly
- Ashir Khan
- Ahsan Tariq

## Agenda Items

Item | Description |
---- | ----
Final check up before meeting with product owner | Ensuring everything is completed|
DB | further discussion on databases |
Booking system | discussion on how we are going to implement the booking system, as well as mock ups |
 |  |

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ---- |
payment system | Everyone | deciding on how we will go about doing this. Most likely using the paypal API to simulate|
database | Everyone | discussing where we want to store the database and how we want to go about this |
booking system| Ashir, Morhaf, Abdullah | We will be using flask forms for this, and using filters to change what will be showing|

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
No | Finish Documentation| Ahsan | 03/03/2023 |
No | Flask Forms| Ashir | 03/03/2023 |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A

