# Sprint 2 Plan Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information

**Scrum Master:** Hamzah Saddiq 

**Meeting Date/Time:** 06/03/2023, 12:30

**Meeting Purpose:** Sprint 1 outcome document, Sprint 2 Plan Minutes

**Meeting Location:** Health Sciences

**Note Taker:** Dillan Kerai

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Hamzah Saddiq
- Abdullah Zaman
- Dillan Kerai
- Morhaf Alshibly
- Ashir Khan
- Ahsan Tariq

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Sprint 1 Document |• Finalise the Sprint 1 document
Sprint 2 Plan |• Figure out what to do in Sprint 2 
Roles |• Allocate roles for each member
Testing |• Check testing works after merging the pull request

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ----
Roles | all members |• decided to allocate more group members to coding for this sprint as we seem to have fallen behind in terms of implementation progress|
Github | all members |• delegate tasks for each member in the group<br>• close finished branches<br>• create new branches based on new milestones<br>• configure git and project settings for members who are just starting programming this sprint|
Testing | Abdullah Zaman |• creating a test suite to ensure the site works incorrectly |
Outcomes | all members |• formalising sprint 1 outcomes |

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | backlog ID | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
|No|• Create testing suites alongside code creation | all members |  |  |
|No|• Implement the Booking System | Morhaf & Ashir | 3789 | |
|No|• Implement the employee page/system | Ashir |  |
|No|• Customising Admin (Manager) Page | Dillan | 10 11 12 | 17/03/2023 |
|No|• Initial Tests, CSS customisation | Abdullah | | 17/03/2023 |
|No|• Implementing the payment system | Ahsan | 4 5 6 | 17/03/2023 |
|No|• Optional Features | Hamzah | 13 | | 17/03/2023 |


## Other Notes & Information
Backlog - Initial Payments, Memberships
Admin Page

# Sprint 2 Progress check meeting minutes
## Meeting Information

**Scrum Master:** Hamzah Saddiq 

**Meeting Date/Time:** 13/03/2023, 13:20

**Meeting Purpose:** Check sprint 2 tasks progress

**Meeting Location:** Health Sciences

**Note Taker:** Hamzah Saddiq

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Hamzah Saddiq
- Abdullah Zaman
- Dillan Kerai
- Morhaf Alshibly
- Ashir Khan
- Ahsan Tariq

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Group progress | •How close is each task to being completed
Priorities | •Are any tasks being left for later?
Video | •What are we going to include in the video for Friday?

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ----
Optional features | Hamzah | Deciding to leave optional features for sprint 3 given that they're lower priority |
Overall progress | all members | satisfied with progress so far and on track on have major functionality done this sprint |
Video | all members | Need to have all tasks done for Thursday to leave enough time for merging before Friday |

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | backlog ID | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
|Yes|• Create testing suites alongside code creation | all members |  |  |
|No|• Implement the Booking System | Morhaf & Ashir | 3789 | |
|No|• Implement the employee page/system | Ashir |  |
|No|• Customising Admin (Manager) Page | Dillan & Hamzah | 10 11 12 | 16/03/2023 |
|Yes|• Initial Tests, CSS customisation | Abdullah | | 16/03/2023 |
|No|• Implementing the payment system | Ahsan | 4 5 6 | 16/03/2023 |
|No|• Optional Features | Hamzah | 13 | | 17/03/2023 |


## Other Notes & Information
Friday 5pm = video submission deadline

# Sprint 2 Final Progress Check
## Meeting Information

**Scrum Master:** Hamzah Saddiq 

**Meeting Date/Time:** 18/03/2023, 10:40

**Meeting Purpose:** Check sprint 2 tasks progress

**Meeting Location:** Online

**Note Taker:** Ashir Khan

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Hamzah Saddiq
- Abdullah Zaman
- Dillan Kerai
- Morhaf Alshibly
- Ashir Khan
- Ahsan Tariq

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Final check up before video | •Ensuring everything that needed to be done is done
Sprint 2 Summary | •What did everyone manage to complete?
Video | •Dicuss who and what they will need to show

## Discussion Items
Item | Who | Notes |
---- | ---- | ----
What's left | All Members| Deciding to prioritise features that are required in backlog |
Improvements | All Members | What functionality can be improved upon for spring 3 |
Merging | All Members | Need to merge all code to be prepared for the video |
Video | All Members | Formalise plan for the video |

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | backlog ID | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
|Yes|• Implement the Booking System | Morhaf & Ashir | 3789 | |
|Yes|• Implement the employee page/system | Ashir |  |
|Yes|• Customising Admin (Manager) Page | Dillan & Hamzah | 10 11 12 | 16/03/2023 |
|No|• Merge Code | Morhaf & Ashir |  | 19/03/2023 |
|No|• Video | All Members |  | 20/03/2023 |


## Other Notes & Information
N/A